Summary:
Role playing game for students, PG 13.
The game will be based on predefined scenario and main goal to achieve. 

Beginning of the game
<<NICE TO HAVE>> User has to choose the main character: Viking, Warrior Princess, Cheese, 
Cone. And goals: Save Prince, Milk Cow, Plant a tree, Eat the most delicious ice-cream in 
the world before it melts.<<>> 

User will start the game with giving a name to their character and assigning points to the 
attributes of the character. The main attributes are:
-	Health – which has to be maintained on the positive level in order to keep the character 
alive. This parameter might be decreased during the fight. Health recovery will be available 
at special events and during meeting selected characters during events
-	Strength – a measure of combat strength of the character. Might be increased by certain 
artefacts gathered in selected events or after winning the fight with selected creatures. 
This parameter can be decreased only by removing equipment which was giving it additional 
values. The base strength of the character cannot be decreased 
-	Intelligence – measure of negotiation and empathy skills of the character. By developing 
this skill character might avoid a fight with some of the creatures, can get better deals 
with merchants and while picking up items will have more choices to pick from
User will be given initial number of points which they need to redistribute between above 
parameters. Depending on it user can create more defensive (higher input on intelligence 
and health) or offensive (attach and health) character.
Additional features of the character:
-	Money – the character will be given certain amount of cash in the beginning of a game 
for which will be able to buy artefacts to increase it’s parameters (books for Intelligence; 
swords, axes, bows, knifes for Strength; armor and healing potions for Health). At some events 
character will be able to bribe the opponent instead to avoid the fight. In case when characters 
Intelligence is not high enough and certain merchant creature is met money will allow to buy 
another select option from given goods.
-	Backpack – character will have a backpack with limited number of slots to fill with found, 
or collected from other creatures, artefacts. Some of the artefacts might increase parameters 
of the character
 
The game.
Character will be located in a location and will have to reach predefined goal. User will face 
three types of events: Fight, Finding artefacts, Meetings other creatures.

<<NICE TO HAVE>>To make the game less repetitive each meeting and fighting event will have multiple 
(three) creatures defined from which script will pick one on random basis.<<>>  

Details of the scenarios will be defined later in the project, but the game will have minimum 5 of 
each events, which gives the total of 15 events after which the final battle with A Brick monster.

End of the game.
The game ends with reaching the goal of the game and winning the final battle or by loosing 
and dying in one of the fight in earlier events. 

<<NICE TO HAVE>> counting points and summary at the ending of the game. And/Or Counting number 
of games played. 



Technical notes:
- Game designed to single player only
- No animation will be supported in the game. Events description will be displayed on the browser screen.
User will pick the path to follow/choices will be made by a click on the button/link (single select only).
- Program will not require reloading at the change of the event.
- Every event will contain a static image or a design to make the interface more interesting.
- Programming language: JavaScript/JQuery
- Designed for Chrome, Firefox Mozilla and Safari. <<NICE TO HAVE>> available on IE too.>>

